tokens/README.md, before:

# Token Assets

This directory contains logo assets for tokens on the Flow blockchain.

## Directory Structure

Each token should have its own folder, with logo files placed in format-specific subfolders:

```bash
logos/{contractIdentifier}/logo.png
logos/{contractIdentifier}/logo.svg
```

- `logo.svg` - SVG format token logo, optimized and viewboxed
- `logo.png` - PNG format token logo (256x256px recommended)

For contract identifiers, use the token contract address or a unique identifier for testnet tokens.

- Mainnet tokens should use the contract address as the folder name: `logos/{contractAddress}/`
- Testnet tokens should use the `testnet:` prefix: `logos/testnet:{contractAddress}/`

## Adding a New Token

1. Prepare both SVG and PNG versions of the token logo if possible
2. The PNG should be 256x256 pixels with a transparent background
3. Name files according to the convention above
4. Place the files in their respective format subfolders
5. Ensure you have the rights to the logo before submitting

Commit message:

docs: update README.md to include metadata modifications and new directory structure for token assets

tokens/README.md, after:

# Token Assets

This directory contains logo assets and metadata modifications for tokens on the Flow blockchain.

## Directory Structure

Each token should have its own folder, with logo files placed in format-specific subfolders:

```text
- shortlist/{contractIdentifier}/logo.png
- shortlist/{contractIdentifier}/logo.svg
- shortlist/{contractIdentifier}/mods.json
```

- `logo.svg` - SVG format token logo, optimized and viewboxed
- `logo.png` - PNG format token logo (256x256px recommended)
- `mods.json` - Metadata modifications for the token

For contract identifiers, use the token contract address or a unique identifier for testnet tokens.

- Mainnet tokens should use the contract address as the folder name: `shortlist/{contractAddress}/`
- Testnet tokens should use the `testnet:` prefix: `shortlist/testnet:{contractAddress}/`

## Adding a New Token

1. Prepare both SVG and PNG versions of the token logo if possible
2. The PNG should be 256x256 pixels with a transparent background
3. Name files according to the convention above
4. Place the files in their respective format subfolders
5. Ensure you have the rights to the logo before submitting
