# Flow TokenList and Assets Registry

This directory contains standardized token-list JSON files, logo assets and metadata modifications for tokens on the Flow blockchain.

## How to add a new token

### Directory Structure

Create a new folder in the `registry` directory:

```text
- registry/{contractIdentifier}/
```

For contract identifiers, use the token contract address or a unique identifier for testnet tokens.

- Mainnet tokens should use the contract address as the folder name: `registry/{contractAddress}/`
- Testnet tokens should use the `testnet:` prefix: `registry/testnet:{contractAddress}/`

Add the following files to the folder:

```text
- registry/{contractIdentifier}/logo.png
- registry/{contractIdentifier}/logo.svg
- registry/{contractIdentifier}/mods.json
```

- `logo.svg` - SVG format token logo, optimized and viewboxed
- `logo.png` - PNG format token logo (256x256px recommended)
- `mods.json` - Metadata modifications for the token, only when you need to modify the token metadata. the `mods.json` file is optional. Customizable fields are `"symbol", "name", "description"`, [check here](./src/utils/types.ts#L81).

Note:

1. Prepare both SVG and PNG versions of the token logo if possible
2. The PNG should be 256x256 pixels with a transparent background
3. Name files according to the convention above
4. Ensure you have the rights to the logo before submitting

Submit a PR to the [assets repository](https://github.com/onflow/assets) to add the token to the registry.  
Once your PR is merged, the Github bot will automatically run scripts to register token on Flow blockchain, update token-list JSON file and submit a PR for the update.

We will review and merge the PRs as soon as possible to ensure the token-list JSON file is up to date.

## How to use the token list

The token list is generated by the script and can be found in the `outputs/{network}/token-list.json` file.

You can use curl to get the token list JSON file:

```bash
# For mainnet
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onflow/assets/main/tokens/outputs/mainnet/token-list.json

# For testnet
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onflow/assets/main/tokens/outputs/testnet/token-list.json
```
